UWPSDK
Version Number:  UWPSDK2.6.1.0
What's New: 1. Implement full-screen ads controls
                    2. Fixed Microsoft Payment UI thread bug

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.1.1
What's New: 1. Implement Banner ads, couplet ads, back-screen ads
                    2. Videos are supported for interstitial and full-screen ads
       	    3. Ads support multiple languages
                    4. Bubble switch is fixed, only one bubble can be displayed
                    5. Improve the account registration restriction function
                    6. Implement the function of binding mobile number
                    7. Implement mobile number login function
                    8. Expand payment interface, support determining payment method based on players’ level
                    9. Add a new payment interface and abolish the old one

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.2.0
What's New: 1. Add mobile number login and third party login
                    2. Merge the AD SDK and the basic SDK
                    3. Update multilingual translations

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.3.0
What's New: 1. Conducting Url encoding on comments of payment linked products
                    2. Log into UI to add the display of SDK version number

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.3.1
What's New:  1. Add a close button to the payment interface
                     2. Add a back button on third-party login window, and the mobile login entrance is controlled by the backstage
                     3. Binding email, mobile and separate the mobile login timer, complete information optimization

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.4.0
What's New:  1. Update H5 interface, compatible with old interface
                     2. Update multilingual translation status
                     3. Pack mguwp.js, compatible with new/old interfaces
                     4. The login UI displays the registration page by default

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.4.1
What's New：1. Adjust some page navigation relationships and update translations
                     2. Supply the processing of application activation after advertising message push
                     3. Fix anti-combo during registration operation, minor adjustment of interface layout, update Chinese translation

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.5.0
What's New：1. H5 supports calling the Review interface, fix bugs in the review interface
                     2. Initially add Google AdSense
                     3. Improve Google Ads controls and vm logic

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.5.1
What's New：1. Refine the Google Play ads control logic
                     2. Improve the logic of content ads control
                     3. Login and payment channel interface resolution adaptation
                     4. Empty the web navigation before the bubble closes

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.5.2
What's New：1. Fix the bug that comment parameter of urlencode runs more than once while using Microsoft payment for the order 

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.6.0
What's New： 1. Remove the Google Ads widget off button, minimize the size of game ads

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.6.1
What's New： 1. Add H5 callback interface for bubble switch & integration wall
                      2. Implement H5 ads closing callback
                     3. Implement H5 ads click-back
                     4. Implement H5 Google Ads interface
                     5. Implement real-name authentication function
                     6. Implement anti-addition detection logic for logged-in users

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.6.2
What's New：1. Try to replace product Id based on msGoodsKeyJson while using Microsoft Payment to place an order
                     2. Fix the notification fulfillment asset interface resulting analyzing bug
                     3. Expand the number of historical accounts to 10, and add the function of deleting historical accounts
                     4. Optimize the interaction of the drop-down list of historical accounts, and the delete button is displayed when the mouse is moved to a certain account
                    5. Identify whether UserInfo,Type is a switch account
                    6. Replace the forgotten password link

Version Number：UWPSDK2.6.6.3
What's New： 1. Fix the bug where the current user did not refresh the history after modifying the password login
                      2. Initialize the interface to add a bubble switch, and automatically call the display bubble interface after login
                      3. Implement the new version of the universal Google Ads interface

Version Number：UWPSDK2.7.0.0
What's New： 1. Add GoogleAd control switch